docs: rm content of self-managed since only used for redirects (#31216)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/self-managed/_index.md

draft: true
---

> <!-- Note: The self-managed are in a separate branch. The self-managed section in main is used for redirect purposes of the early (dec 2024) self-managed docs -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Note: The self-managed docs are in a separate branch. The self-managed section in main is used for redirect purposes of the pre-LTS (circa Dec. 2024) self-managed docs -->
```
